It's okay, I'm here just fine,
It's just a skin disease. He wants to give me medicine.
He doesn't want to rub it.
You're so cute, how can you open this place with him? Don't do it!
Okay, okay, as long as you're fine,
But you look like a cat with small eyes,
Quite angry. Noisy sleeves!
How dare you?
Okay, you're fine, let's go home.
OK?
Okay, this gun is good, miss, he will kiss your biological sister!
You put such cute pressure on my belly
If you have too much time, you will be willing to rub it
How to act like a gangster?
Come to the table like this
I'll give you some answers
hurry up sorry
what will you go
You pressure head
I'm really willing to meet you, you said
You tell me, let me see
Why should I help you get rid of the black coward?
I heard him say that his home is for Gu Yan, right?
You guys let me kick you in my house
Now Gu Yan and I
He lives his life
He wants to come and see
I tell you
Even if you bully me
Who dares to use consultationism?
Update desperately
You're because I'm too stressed